From Hanselman, it's calm. It's
Hanselman. It's a weekly discussion
with web developer and technologists.
Scott Hanselman hosted by Carl Franklin.
This is Lawrence Ryan announced in
show number 39. Recorded Monday,
October 30th, 2006. Support for Hanselman it's
just provided by COVID Smith
tools, makers of code Smith,
an extensible template based code
generator for.net. Councilman is listeners
just get $100 off COVID
Smith professional with coupon code
H M 100. online@covidsmithtools.com and
buy slash N software red
carpet subscriptions. The most comprehensive
solution for adding connectivity to
your.net and asp.net applications with
components for every major internet
protocol online@wwwdotnsoftware.com. Support is also
provided by.net developers journal. The
world's leading dotnet developer magazine
online at www dot
dot com. In this episode,
Scott and Carl talk about
identity. Hi, this is Carl Franklin.
You're listening to Hansel minutes.
I'm here with Scott Hanselman.
Hi Scott. How are you,
sir? I density card spaces
is the topic today. Was
that your Sean Connery? Our
dendrite today comrades actually shale
into history with identity 2.0
yeah, dude. This is a
ball about card spaces. Cause
we've been, we've talked. We
talked about doing a.net framework
three O show, but we
all know that the framework's
too big, do it in
a short Hansel minutes. Double
speed, 20 minute podcasts. So
we're going to do it
in chunks. We also know
that it's really not a
framework for three it's kind
of it's a collection of
pillars features. These were the
new features, so we've got
card space. We've got windows
presentation foundation. We've got windows
communication foundation. So Avalon info
card and Indigo Indigo where
the code names. So at
Kirlian, we're really interested in
card space because you know,
we do online banking, big
time and banks are always
getting fished. They're always getting
attacked by people who get
their names and their passwords
stolen. Right? And we encourage
people to have stronger passwords.
We encourage people to have
passphrases right at a space
and have a big long
password. That's like 20, 30
characters long, but these are
still just things that, you
know, that can be stolen
from you. You can be
tortured and they could, you
could give them up. Right.
And generally identity on the
internet is broken. You got
identity theft, there's spoofing and
man in the middle of
things and there's evil malware
that could be running on
your machine. And it's pretty
clear that the username and
password mechanism is overwhelmed. I
mean, just the fact that
we've got password manager programs,
you know, programs with a
super password that are set
up to manage your other
passwords. It's doesn't really work,
right? Yeah. So the whole
idea is what's a better
way to identify both the
user to the site and
the site to the user
because you know, a lot
of times you go to
a site and you don't
know if you trust the
site, maybe it's a blog.
I don't want to go
and sign up on a
blog. I don't know about
you, but I don't want
to sign up with a
blog and give them yet
another username and password just
for the privileges of a
leaving a comment. Exactly. The
less signups I can do
the better. Exactly. So then
we get down to these
kind of main signups and
then of course, passport Microsoft
passport was kind of an
attempt to centralize all of
that. But the problem was,
it was managed by, by
Microsoft. It was, it put
it in, it wasn't the
fact that it was Microsoft,
but it was the fact
that it was a single
entity that will handle it.
They were basically saying, just
give us your username and
password and we'll come up
with a tricky way to
single sign you into all
these different places. We'll keep
a, your credit card number
on file and all your
business information, all your personal
business info, we'll hold all
your stuff. And the response
was a resounding. Yeah, right?
Yeah. Yeah. It worked technically
like I used it for
Expedia and for eBay, and
that was pretty much the
extent of it, but I
just didn't feel comfortable with
it because you know, you
never know. I don't think
that a passport was fished
successfully, but it's easy to
make a site that looks
like the site that you
want to go to. So
fishing is a problem. And
of course we've seen in
Firefox two Oh and an
they've built an anti-phishing
stuff. I mean, there's a
good reason just to install
ice up and right there,
I put  on all
my relatives machines. I also
think Scott, before we get
too far away from it,
that one of the reasons
passport failed or, or, you
know, dot named my services
in the is, is what
we're really talking about was
just because of timing. There
was a lot of, you
know, disruption going on security
wise at that time. Yeah.
It was kind of the
end of web 1.0, in
the beginning of web two.
Oh, the bubble occurred and
it was a, it was
a fairly disruptive thing. And
it was not exactly easy,
frankly, to integrate. If you've
ever tried to get a
passport to work, the STK
was a little tricky. And
just when you got it
working, another SDK came out.
Right? So the real issue
here is what the guys
at the card space team
and Nigel watt Lang is
one of the guys that's
got a presentation that I'll
point everyone to is the
idea of identity silo. Hell
right. He had all of
these different silos where you
have an identity at one
place, but you're not trusted
by another, like Amazon's big
and wonderful. And they, they
use my identity for a
number of things. I can
leave reviews and comments. I
can buy stuff, but I
can't use my Amazon identity
or my reputation and use
it somewhere else. So Let's
talk about card space. Okay.
So, so card space is
basically a, an implementation by
Microsoft of an open and
specifically non-proprietary way to represent
identity. It's it's open and
non-proprietary proprietary in that it
uses the Ws startup star
technologies it's done with web
services using SAML assertions, using
Ws Mex, it's called Ws
metadata exchange. I like to
call it Ws TexMex, but
people don't like that though.
And using Ws trust Scott,
I know that anybody can
say this is an open
standard and then still exploited
for their own personal benefit
at the expense of others.
So is the real test,
is, is anyone else besides
Microsoft using it? That's a
very good point. So of
course, this is an example
of something where Microsoft's done
the first and perhaps thus
far the best implementation of
it, but people are already
getting excited about this. So
for example, the guy Kim
Cameron at Microsoft, who really
promotes this, who runs identity
blog.com, brilliant guy up at
shrink stir slash J K
M M as in mom.
He runs a blog based
on PHP. So in a
kind of an unusual move
by, by Microsoft guys, he
ate his own dog food
and built a PHP implementation
of info card. So if
you have card spaces on
your machine, the windows implementation
of card spaces, then you
can go up to his
blog and you can sign
in and it's using all
PHP, no Microsoft stack. So
the idea is that you
would go up to his
blog and in this instance
you would be using
and then you'd have the.net
framework three on your system.
Remember that  is going
to get pushed out as
a high priority update to
everyone. And the.net framework is
going to be an optional
but recommended update. So I
think more and more, we're
going to see this. It's
also built into Vista so
on, although it's unfortunate that
three O is not going
to be a high priority
update. We are going to
see this pushed out to
a lot of people's machines.
You go up to his
blog and then you visit
a regular HTML page. If
you did a view source
on this page of the
HTML, you would see an
object tag, right? An object
tags, that kind of thing
you would use to show
like a flash object, right?
In this case, the object
is an information card. That's
saying I have some requirements
that you're going to need
to give me. So just
like you for putting a
name and password together on
an HTML site, you would
say input, text equals password
and put text equals type
equals text. And they would
put in their name and
their password. In this case,
within the form, there is
an object tag. I love
the elastic girl thing. What's
that all about On his
site? He uses the last
a girl from the incredible
is to represent his, his
very flexible implementation of card
space. So if you basically
click on this object, the
browser will pop up and
launch whatever that helper is.
So in the instance of
it'll launch, what's called
an identity selector. It's going
to launch the windows card
space, identity selector, and on
windows or on Vista. You're
going to get this kind
of curtain of death. This
kind of gray, transparent curtain
will drop and a card
space, identity application will launch
up and let you select
a card. And in this
context of card is a
kind of a client side.
Yeah. That's a good thing
to clarify that it isn't
necessarily a physical card, although
it can be stored on
a card. That's a very
good point. The card space
cards are basically kind of
a client side security token
that are going to allow
you to fulfill some claims
that the site will make
yes. Like a metaphor for
a credit card or something.
It's like handing someone a
card because like I go
to you're in Connecticut, right?
Yes. Okay. So I'm an
Oregon. So I go to
Connecticut and I get pulled
over and I show the
cop, my Oregon driver's license.
Why does he trust me?
He trusts me because Connecticut
trust Oregon. Right? So he
says, well, I don't know
you, mr. Cop and mr.
Cop, you don't know me,
but I know Oregon and
I know Connecticut. So we
trust each other because we
trust this third party. Yep.
So info card uses that
card metaphor. That idea of
here is something that I
have that is attached and
issued by someone that we
both trust a lot, like
SSL works, right? I visit
your site, you use a
Verisign SSL card, and then
we have this trust relationship,
right? So you've got this
object tag on your HTML
page, and it's just coded
like a regular object tag,
like a flash tag or
any tag that uses object.
And it has a certain
type that says, you know,
something, something slash info card,
the browser associates, whatever the
identity selector on your system,
in this case, the windows
card space UI, and it
pops up this curtain of
death. And the reason I
point out the curtain of
death is because this is
a new separate desktop, because
you don't want to let
any card loggers or evil
things that are kind of
snuck into your system, anything
running in the tray or
some malware. So this is
the similar technology that they're
using in the user access
control stuff in Vista, they're
basically running this in its
own universe, its own parallel
world on your machine, its
own desktop context. So no
other applications get to get
loaded in there. And it's
running in a very limited
trust. It does exactly what
it does and no more.
So we're trying to prevent
fishers, being able to get
into that space and, and,
and futz around that you
select your identity or you
create a card. There's two
kinds of cards. You can
have a self issued card.
You basically create your own
cert. And there's a little
security token service on your
machine that basically issues the
card to yourself. So this
would be the equivalent of
writing on a piece of
paper I'm me. And then
using that as your identification,
right? If somebody wants to
trust you, they can, but
they don't have to Exactly.
A site would have the
choice to say, I'm only
going to deal with one
that has done with a
managed card. And the other
kind of card is a
managed card. Now I'm hoping
that not only will windows
live or windows, you know,
the windows live as they
rebranded a windows passport they'll
of course implement this. And
people who have passports will
automatically get card space cards.
But I think like visa,
American express, these big kind
of places that manage our
identity, they will issue managed
cards. So if you trust
visa and I trust visa,
then we'll have this relationship.
It's interesting because then your
credit card becomes more usable
as a source of identity.
Exactly. Well, one of the
things you could license is
now visually the credit card
can electronically, Right? And if
let's say I'm going to
buy something from, from Franklins
net right now, I go
online and I make a,
a log in and I
register and it's all name
and password. Then I would
give you my credit card
and I've got two choices
either. I can let Franklins
net store it without any
understanding about how you're going
to choose to store my
credit card, right. Or I
just give it to you
each time and I have
to fire it across the
internet. And I have to
keep updating you on things
like the expiration date. And
if I did a managed
card, rather than me sending
you the credit card number,
I could send you the,
the managed token, this managed
security token, and then you
could talk to visa and
they wouldn't have to give
you the credit card. They
could just say, Oh, this
person has decided to pay
you $10. Here's the confirmation
number and credit cards can
be removed entirely from the
process. So the number doesn't
exist. Yeah. And all the,
all the transactions happen behind
the scenes at visa. Exactly.
And it's all done in
a, in a cryptographically significant
way. So this identity selector
back to what you were
saying was like, well, who
else has done this? So
there are already starting to
see identity selectors for other
browsers. There's a Firefox one
written in Java at shrink
stir slash J K N
right now it works on
Firefox one five, but I'm
sure he'll update it. And
there is one for Safari
at shrink stir slash J
K U a. I think
that as more and more
people realize that this is
not a Microsoft thing, this
is an open Ws startup
star standard that they're gonna
start creating these. I think
we'll see all the major
browsers supporting an identity selector
in various ways. I've found
the card space. One, the
one that's built in with,
with windows to be very
flexible right now you do
have to store your cards
on your local machine and
you can move them from
place to place. So I've
basically exported my cards and
then imported them back at
home. And in the future,
a version of card space
is going to support using
your USB key as a
kind of a token, and
then saving the tokens on
that key. So then you
would have no store on
your local machine, but you
will be able to log
in on any machine and
then say, Oh, well, here's
my identity. So you'd basically
be using your USB key,
like you just said, as
a smart card. So it'd
be a poor man smart
card. And certainly that would
be much more ubiquitous than
a smart card itself. This
is another thing that came
up in my conversation with
Kim Cameron on dotnet rocks,
which is, you know, RFID
tags. And, you know, and
as soon as I said
RFID, he could hear the
hair on the back of
his neck bristle. He said,
RFID is not a security
device. It's not secure anybody
with an RFID reader can
walk up to you with,
with your fog and read
what is coming out of
it and then give it
an answer. And so there's
no cryptography, there's nothing. You've
seen people going around with
laptops, with RFID readers and,
and, you know, RFID units
or whatever they call them
reader, broadcaster, a reader writer,
I don't know. And they
can go up to like
a Prius, which uses a,
you know, I'm giving away
people can hack my car
now, but uses an RFID
tag on the fog and
they can just sit there.
And within an hour they
can not only get into
it, but they can start
the engine. Right. RFID is
just broadcasting a good, for
lack of a better way
to phrase it. I mean,
it's, it's an, a no
space and no way of
claims to be in a
kind of security. Right. So,
yeah, definitely. But the idea
that someone could use a
flexible token and create something
unique to a, a USB
key and turn that into
a smart card like device,
that's a powerful thing. Yeah.
Now there's been also a
number of example, chunks of
code online, whether it be
in Java and PHP on
how to do these things.
There's an example, decoder at
a shrink stir slash J
K O where you can
basically see what was sent.
They'll actually show you what
happened on the wire, because
this all happens only under
SSL right now, right? And
that decoder will show you
the assertions in the, and
the underlying web services, angle
brackets. If you like that
kind of stuff, you can
see it. And there's a
very good article at MSDN
at shrink stir slash J
K P that will explain
kind of step by step,
how this works. And actually
the Wikipedia article. I know
that Wikipedia is a little
dodgy, but at the time
that I read, it was
quite a up to date
at shrink stir slash J
K R. Now, so many
people are getting excited about
this. Now I had planned
to enable DAS blog for
information cards, but Cohen, Kevin Hammond
beat me to it by
like a week. No kidding.
He has taken a Casa
de Hambone that's his website,
it's the Casa de Hambone.
And that's a trickster slash
J K S. And he
has taken an instance of
DAS blog and he has
enabled it for info cards.
So this is, this could
really change the way people
do do identity over the
over blog. So leaving comments.
And he also now uses
that information card to log
in to the administration of
his blog. Wow. So in
this case, no password being
required. So Kevin has enabled
us blog using this personal
private identifier that is sent
as one of the claims.
Basically when you're sending an
information card, you can insert
a series of claims and
that object tag that say,
here are the requirements you
might say, I'm going to
need from you and info
card that has first name,
last name, personal private identifier,
and your email address. And
each of these claims is
described using a URI, right,
a uniform resource identifier. And
you just list these things
out in your object tags
saying, these are the things
I'm going to need. And
that personal private identifier is
actually unique to the card
and the site they're actually
using some of the information
within the SSL certificate to
hook you up with the,
with, with the site. So
if I visited.net under SSL
or hanselman.com under SSL, I
would get a cryptographically significant
and different personal private identifier.
So that unique ID couldn't
be stolen by a Fisher
because it's different on a
per site basis. Ah, ah,
starts to get interesting now,
right? Yeah. So for example,
we have an application here
at work that is a
name and password kind of
a thing, but we also
have this notion of a
single sign on the idea
that you might have some
other external system that's going
to manage your identity. So
we can put in unique
identifiers that are, we call
them aliases and a lot
of single sign on systems
do this. They're basically saying
you can log in with
your name and password or
one of these alias identifiers,
and a lot of systems
that have implemented this alternate
identity can just take that
personal private identifier and use
that straight up as a,
an alternate way to log
in. So that the kind
of a thing that I
think you'll see are sites
that include the support for
logging in then the classic
way or in the info
card way. So I could
envision a time when I
might go to Amazon one
day, log in with my
name and my password, and
then go to my main
account management page, say associate
an information card with my
account, send them an info
card. And then they would
take that private identifier, that
personal private ID that's unique
to Amazon because it's a
combination of some of the
stuff in the SSL certificate,
the, and some of the
stuff on my certificate, and
it's going to stick that
number. I think it's like
a 32 character long kind
of good light thing, stick
it in their database. And
then I could actually shut
off name and password support.
I would say, I don't
want anyone allowed to log
in to Amazon anymore by
name and password info cards
only, then it starts getting
interesting. Right? Yeah. Now that's
just with a self managed
card. One of the things
that self-managed cards don't really
support is the notion of
revocation. This is the idea
that you want to cancel
your card when someone steals
it right now, if Amazon
issued cards from their own
security token service, and they
said, well, you have an
Amazon identity. So we're going
to give you an Amazon
card, just like they would
give you an Amazon credit
card with the Amazon logo
branded on. I could go
to Franklin's net and say,
Hey, here's my Amazon card.
And if you have a
trust relationship with Amazon, you
could use these Ws trust
web services to actually ask
Amazon, do you know this
guy when I hand you
an information card and you
would say, and I need
these claims, I need this
guy's first name. Are you
going to provide that to
me? And Amazon would say
whether or not that was
cool, but if I had
done something naughty and Amazon
had maybe revoked my card,
you could say, I'm sorry.
Amazon has revoked your car.
Just like browsers. Now can
revoke SSL certificates. All right.
So I got two questions.
Number one, this is all
for browsing, But these things
will work in physical form
as well. Right? Right. So
more and more, they're going
to have support for storing
these tokens on secure fobs
on whether it be any,
any kind of thing that
could potentially provide a more
context. So like, Could you
envision a day where you
would be able to check
in at an airport a
lot faster, if you have
an info card, If you
had like an identity set
up on like Alaska airlines
or on United, and you'd
associated an information card. If
I had that info card
on some physical thing and
they of course would have
to decide whether that was
USB or smart card or
whatever, I could see what
I would be able to
go to a kiosk at
an airport and give them
this shirt. And because it
is a real certificate that
can identify me as being
totally unique and guaranteed to
be me, and then maybe
apply some additional information because
security is not just about
what you have, it's about
what you know. Right. So
the more factors in the
authentication, the more legit that's
why ATM is have the
card that you require and
the pin number And the
pin. And the second question
is, do you foresee all,
everybody trying to be a
card provider, just like every
business in the world wants
you to, once you to
think of them as the
end all be all in
all services, you know what
I mean? So get your,
get your ground round credit
card, get your mobile credit
card, get your Ben and
Jerry's credit card, you know,
it's like ridiculous. And, and
if, if that's the case,
doesn't that sort of defeat
the whole purpose of having
a universal card. Yeah. I
totally agree with you that
having everyone like, you know,
your local Safeway grocery store
and give you a card
is lame. And I know,
I mean, I've got like
six different tokens on my
key chain On 150 tokens
and I wouldn't have to.
Yeah. I think that the
public will make that decision.
I think that while there
are companies that issue hundreds
of different kinds of branded
credit cards, I know I
had a Yahoo card for
awhile. I think that people
will eventually kind of decide
that they'll probably be five
to 10. You know, the
obvious players, if everyone gets
up behind this, there'll be
Google identity. There'll be live.com
Amazon and people will decide
that they're what really becomes
interesting is when, when Google
decides that Dell except Microsoft
cards. And again, we're not
talking about the format, we're
talking about the, the, the
authority that you issued them.
We shouldn't have to rely
on trust relationships between providers
in order to have access
to things. And that that's
really bothering me. Like I
would just want, I would
want one provider and I
would want everybody to trust
it. You know what I'm
saying? I would want American
express to be my provider
and I want everybody else
to trust it. And then
I don't have, Oh, I'm
sorry, sir. You can't stay
at this hotel because we
don't have a relationship with
Google. Sure. But that's part
of reality. I mean, I
don't like going to like
Costco, Costco, the big wholesaler
didn't take debit cards for
the longest time. They didn't
take visa. They didn't take
MasterCard. They only took American
express. Yeah. That's just part
of business. I think that
same problem is going to
happen within the card space
space is that people will
just decide that, you know,
we won't accept this certain
kind of card, but I
think that the pressure from
the public will for a,
for a clean approach to
identity will eventually make sure
that everyone decides. Yeah. And
it's going to have to,
I mean, like ATM is,
you've got how many networks
are there for ATM, but
every ATM machine recognizes all
of those networks, but there's
only a handful of them.
Right. But you know, every
once in a while though,
you'll get, you'll get penalized
in some way. I hope
we don't get to that.
I really, I really hope
that this works out so
that, you know, the, the,
the consumer wins and not,
it doesn't become a battle
for the mind and heart
and mind to the consumer
At this point. I don't
think that'll happen, but a
lot, but no managed services
have come out yet. Right.
I mean, there's not a
whole run a rush to,
to, to come up with
your own managed token service.
I think it's going to
be probably this time next
year, but the, the, the
hardware, the software will all
be ready by then. I
mean, Microsoft's implementation of it
is just the first step.
It's getting everyone else to
get stoked about it. Right.
If it's just a thing
that works in Vista, that's
not going to be cool.
So like right now it
works in windows 2003. It
works in XP. If you've
got dotnet framework three, Oh.
If people are able to
download a tiny certificate acceptor
within Firefox giving alternative browsers,
the ability to do this
kind of stuff, then it's
gonna become a lot more
palatable know. Interestingly, I really
think it's going to be
the blogs. It's funny. I
mean, just the fact that
Kim Cameron's got a PHP,
one that Kevin Hammond put together,
a Dutch blog went and
just today set it up.
So it'll work in one,
one or two. Oh, with
a pluggable identity provider. Isn't
it funny how the, the
people who have no money
and run blogs are the
ones that do these things
first, and then the people
with lots of money like
Amazon or Google, We'll do
it later. Yeah. Interesting. It's
definitely going to change the
game though. And I think
for, for banking and for
identity, protecting your identity, it's
going to be, it's going
to be invaluable for my
industry. It's going to be
fantastic. It's just going to
be figuring out what the
easiest way to get grandma
to run an information card
is So what's a extended
validation. So EVs ESL is
a kind of a certificate
that I blogged about recently.
And you can see that
at shrink stir slash J
K X, and this talks
about the, kind of the
evolution of SSL certificates and
how right now, if I
visit franklins.net and I see
a little lock up there
because I'm under SSL right
there, that lock says the
information is encrypted on the
wire, but people have started
to associate that lock with
a sense of trust that,
Oh, if I see the
lock it's okay. Right. But
that doesn't necessarily imply. I'm
looking at Franklin's dot net.
I could be looking at
Franklins evil Fisher, correct.net. So
EVs SSL is a new
kind of extended validation or
what they call high assurance,
SSL certificate. And these certificates
are a new kind of
certificate. It's an emerging standard.
We'll see it probably be
ratified in the next couple
of months. It's supported in
. Now there's an example.
You can go download it
and you can see it@woodgrovebank.net.
And basically if you visit
a site that has one
of these extended validation certificates,
your address bar is going
to turn bright green, and
you're going to get an
additional lock. That's going to
shift back and forth between
the name of the organization,
not the URL, but the
actual name of the organization
that, that, that certificate is
for. And then the, the
certificate issuer, and it will
kind of cycle back and
forth, Let's say@woodgrovebank.com, by the
way, Is it? Yeah. Oh
my bad. Hang on one
second. Yep. You're absolutely right.
It's word, grow bank.com. And
if you have installed the,
a, the test certificate, you'll
see in  that address
bar turned bright green. It's
just an example of a,
that what the certificate experience
will look like and what
that means to a, like
a bank or any kind
of an eCommerce site, is
that they're going to have
to go through some additional
auditing to prove that they
are in fact who they
say they are, because like,
I just got a certificate
for hanselman.com from godaddy.com. I
think it took, I don't
know, 10 minutes to get
an SSL certificate hooked up.
I mean, it was crazy.
I just went up, got
the cert, ask my ISP
for a request, confirm that
I, in fact, own the
domain. And I had assert
I use instant ssl.com 30
bucks. Yeah. So, I mean,
it's easy to get secure
wire access, but they want
to make it more difficult
to say that I am
in fact, you know, what
Grove bank or Hanselman bank.
And I think that within
a year or two, we're
going to see all of
the different browsers supporting that
Firefox is indicated that they'll
support it opera as indicated
they'll support it. Usually they're
using right now, they're using
like dun and Bradstreet. You
know, you have to have
a DMBI account and that's
an easy way for them
to verify your address and
all that, blah, blah, blah.
They want it. They want
to prove that you're a
real organization. Some actually they
used to come out to
your site and take pictures.
Did you know that? Did
they like auditing? Yep. They
used to require that they
would have to come out
and take a photo to
make sure you are who
you say you are Now.
See, some people think that
that's not fair to the
little guy they were saying
that that's going to make
it more difficult for the
little guy. Well, they don't
do that anymore. Yeah. Yeah.
So there's a number of
different things that people should
be checking out if they
want to learn about info
card. There's a great video
up on channel9@shrinkstir.com slash J
K w. And they can
also learn about protecting your,
your identity online as a
good kind of things that
you can do. And bits
of information about yourself that
are low, medium and high
sensitivity at shrink stir slash
J K T and a,
and then you can also,
like I said, learn about
EVs, sell at my blog
at drinker slash J K
X. And a lot of
people have been commenting that
they think this is a
way for the certificate authorities
to get rich by requiring
an expensive certificate. And I'm
not sure that I think
that's the case, but there's
a good conversation going on
in the comments up on
the blog there. So check
that out. And the reason
that EVs Excel makes sense
in the context of info
card is that both of
these things are giving an
entirely new visual cue and
visual metaphor for what it
means to visit a secure
site. So there's going to
become kind of an expectation
on the part of the
users that just as they
look for that lock, they're
going to start looking for
that info card. They can
start looking for that, that
bright green address bar and
that, that new warning, whether
or not a site is
secure. And I think it's
conceivable that there'll be a
time when browsers will come
with a default that will
only allow certificates that are
of this higher assurance. So
not something that's gonna happen
tomorrow, but it'll definitely happen
in the next year or
so I think. Awesome. Well,
Hey Scott, that's a show.
Thanks a lot. What a
great show. Thank you. I
don't know what else to
say about it. It's a
great topic and I can't
wait to see it evolve.
Yeah. I really encourage people
to check it out. Go
install the.net framework three. Oh,
I'm running the September CTP,
but you can also get
the, the RC RC one
September CTP is a little
bit newer, but you can
check all of this stuff
out about card space at
shrink stir slash J K
Q up at net effects,
three.com and we'll have all
these links up on the
handsome in site. All right.
And until then, we'll see
you next On Hansel minutes.
.